fix incorrect session ID passed to llb.SessionID (#2413)
earthly/earthly: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed Earthly on Mac would randomly hang on `1. Init` if Earthly was installed from Homebrew or the Earthly homebrew tap. [#2247](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/2247)
- Only referenced ARGs from .env are displayed on failures, this prevents secrets contained in .env from being displayed. [#1736](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/1736)
- Earthly now correctly detects if Podman is running but is under the disguise of the Docker CLI.

> - Slow performance when copying files due to incorrect usage of buildkit Session ID. [#2049](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/2049)

Reviewer: Make this a little more user-friendly.

```suggestion
- Improved performance when copying files. Fully-cached builds are now dramatically faster as a result [#2049](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/2049)
```
